README.md, before:

## Welcome to my Github 👋
I'm Francesca (she/her), an aspiring tech professional studying towards a career switch, currently a customer service innovator with awards for performance, strong mentoring experience and experience managing commercial scale projects in Google Sheets. <br />
### My Digital Presence:
✨ Here in my Github you will find a growing portfolio of practice projects I've put together. <br />
✨ On my website, you will find visualised, succinct introductions to key portfolio projects as a demonstration of skill - and the website itself serves as an additional portfolio example. <br />
✨ On my LinkedIn you will find certifications and the information on the bootcamp I undertook, as well as pre-career switch academic and career history. <br />
✨ On my Instagram, you will find a little around my journey into tech. <br />
### Good to know:
✨ You can contact me via the email address listed on my LinkedIn and website, or use the messaging functions built-in on LinkedIn and Instagram. <br />
✨ I'm currently doing an extension course in Vulnerability Research and working on devloping portfolio projects in my spare time. <br />
✨ I'm currently prioritising my Cajigo 100 Women in Tech menteeship and rounding out my skills as I seek my first job in Tech. <br />
✨ I'm comfortable with Agile ways of working, pair programming, Git, Github, command line and Jira. <br />
✨ Current learning focuses are Python (with Flask), MySQL, C, C++, Assembly. Additionally I am working on refining my Javascript skills and am comfortable with HTML and CSS. <br />
### 🌱 Fun Fact:
I'm a former childhood competitive swimmer, born and raised Londoner now in the North West, and avid about lifelong learning in a variety of subjects. <br />
### 💬 Ask me about:
The bootcamp I studied with, my Cajigo 100 Women in Tech Accelerator experience, the women in tech community, or more generally about my early experiences in preparing to career switch into tech. <br />
<br />
<!--
**francescatynan/francescatynan** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Commit message:

Update README to reflect new role.md

README.md, after:

## Welcome to my Github 👋
I'm Francesca (she/her), a Junior Software Engineer and career switcher via Code First Girls bootcamp and Cajigo accelerator programme with a backgroung in customer service including mentoring and training experience, awards for performance and production of support materials for my former employer's intranet. Additionally I managed a commercial scale support project via Google Sheets. <br />
### My Digital Presence:
✨ Here in my Github you will find projects I've put together. <br />
✨ On my website, you will find visualised, succinct introductions to key portfolio projects. <br />
✨ On my LinkedIn you will find certifications and the information on the bootcamp I undertook, as well as pre-career switch academic and career history. <br />
✨ On my Instagram and Threads accounts, you will find a little around my journey into tech. <br />
### Good to know:
✨ You can contact me via the email address listed on my Linktree, LinkedIn and website, or use the messaging functions built-in on LinkedIn and Instagram. <br />
✨ I'm currently working in my first tech role and enthusiastic to strengthen key skills. <br />
✨ I'm keen to give back and become a mentor, supporting women following into Tech, particularly fellow career switchers. <br />
✨ I'm comfortable with Agile ways of working, pair programming, Git, Github, command line and Jira. <br />
✨ Current learning focuses are deepening awareness further around accessibility, regulatory/legal requirements and documentation. <br />
✨ I'm working on writing about the early career switching journey. <br />
### 🌱 Fun Fact:
I'm a former childhood competitive swimmer, born and raised Londoner now in the North West, and avid about lifelong learning in a variety of subjects. <br />
### 💬 Ask me about:
The bootcamp I studied with at Code First Girls fully sponsored by GCHQ, my Cajigo 100 Women in Tech Accelerator experience, the women in tech community, or more generally about my early experiences career switching into tech. <br />
<br />
<!--
**francescatynan/francescatynan** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
